
	
User Profile manager use cases:
PASSWORD RECOVERY:
	When a user forgets their password, they User Profile Manager (UPM) shall provide the ability to request a password recovery.
	When a password recovery has been requested, the UPM shall provide a form to recover the password.
		[COM] The form will provide a security question and answer, submitted during the profile creation, via textbox.
	If the security question is answered incorrectly, the UPM shall return to the top level page.
	If the security question is answered correctly, the UPM shall return the password to the user.
USERNAME RECOVERY
	When a user forgets their username the UPM shall provide the ability to request a their username be displayed.
	When a username display has been requested and correct email and password have been entered, the UPM shall display the username.
NEW USER
	The UPM shall provide the ability to create a new user.
	Upon a new user registery request, the UPM shall open a New User form.
		[COM] The new user form will include the following fields:
		Username
		Password
		Confirm Password
		Shipping Address
			Street number/Address
			City
			State
			Zip (extended zip possible)
		Security question
		Security answer
DELETE USER
	The UPM shall provide the ability to delete a user.
	Upon user deletion requested, the user shall be prompted with a "Confirm" message and a password entry.
ENTER NEW ADDRESS
	The UPM shall provide the utility to store up to 5 addresses per user.
	Upon a new address request, the UPM shall provide a field with the address fields above.
	If the user already has 5 addresses stored, the UPM shall return an error.
Preferred shipping address
	With every new address entry, the user shall be provided the means to set the address to their preferred shipping address.
	The UPM shall provide the ability to change the preferred shipping address to any currently saved address.
Shipping Address Deletion
	The UPM shall provide the utility to delete a previously stored address.
Wallet Access
	The UPM shall provide the user access to stored payment methods within the wallet.
LOGON
	The UPM shall search the user database (UDB) to enable a user to logon with username and password
	The UPM shall provide the user the choice to remain logged in for up to 2 hours.
	The UPM shall provide the user the choice to remember their password.
Change logon data
	The UPM shall provide the user the ability to change their username or password.

